## Steps to run this project in your local system

1. Fork the repo and copy the link generated by clicking on `code button`. 
2. The copied link must contain your username in this format : `https://github.com/{your username}/CrazyCoderApp.git`
3. Go to Desktop and create a folder, go inside that folder and select Git Bash here.
4. Run the git clone command. 
5. The Repository has been cloned to your local system.
6. Go to Android Studio, and click on `File -> Open` and navigate to your project on Desktop or any other location.
7. The project has been opened in your IDE.
8. Now, allow gradle build for sometime and connect your phone to IDE via USB Cable.
9. Your phone can be used as an Emulator by **enabling Developer Options and allowing USB Debugging.**
10. Run the app in your phone and see its features.

## Rules for making contributions
1. A contributor can only work on **one issue** at a time.
2. You can work on another issue if your previous PR is merged.
3. Issues are assigned on **First Come First Serve basis.**
4. If issues are not completed within given duration, it will be assigned to other contributor.
5. Raising a PR **without an issue** will be considered as null.
6. You must add a video of your changes that you made in the app in your PR.
7. Create a **new branch** for the changes you want to make in this project & **delete it** after your PR gets merged.
8. Mention the **relevant issue no.** in your PR, so to avoid any confusions.

## Resources 

- [Git Commands](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/basic-git-commands-776639767.html)
- [Use Phone as a Emulator](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator)
